Add the TAG security and privacy self-review questionnaire for BBKs. (#297)
w3c/secure-payment-confirmation: security-privacy-questionnaire-bbk.md

# Browser bound key (BBK) for Secure Payment Confirmation (SPC): Security and Privacy Questionnaire

This questionnaire covers the BBK addition to SPC. See also the [Secure Payment
Confirmation Questionnaire](security-privacy-questionnaire.md).

2.1. What information does this feature expose, and for what purposes?

> 

Author: Added.

> * BBK public key: The public key of the BBK key pair that is randomly generated
>   per passkey and per browser instance.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* BBK public key: The public key of the BBK key pair that is randomly generated
  and bound to a specific passkey, a specific browser instance, and a specific device.
```

Author: Changed.

* BBK signature: The signature using the BBK private key (not exposed).

When a user agent has no suitable method for generating and storing the private
key, no BBK is exposed.

2.2. Do features in your specification expose the minimum amount of information necessary to implement the intended functionality?

Yes. Only the public key and signature are exposed.

2.3. Do the features in your specification expose personal information, personally-identifiable information (PII), or information derived from either?

No. The BBK public-private key pair is generated randomly.

2.4. How do the features in your specification deal with sensitive information?

N/A

2.5. Does data exposed by your specification carry related but distinct information that may not be obvious to users?

N/A

2.6. Do the features in your specification introduce state that persists across browsing sessions?

Yes. The BBK public-private key pair persists across sessions.

2.7. Do the features in your specification expose information about the underlying platform to origins?

> The availability of a secure element may be inferred by the presence/non
> presence of the BBK public key and signature.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Because BBKs may be implemented in a variety of ways, in general it may be difficult to infer information about the underlying platform from the presence of a BBK public key and signature. However, in practice, if user agents only implement BBKs via secure elements, the availability of a secure element may be inferred by the presence of the BBK public key and signature. 
```

Author: Changed.

2.8. Does this specification allow an origin to send data to the underlying platform?

No.

2.9. Do features in this specification enable access to device sensors?

No.

2.10. Do features in this specification enable new script execution/loading mechanisms?

No.

2.11. Do features in this specification allow an origin to access other devices?

No.

2.12. Do features in this specification allow an origin some measure of control over a user agent’s native UI?

No.

2.13. What temporary identifiers do the features in this specification create or expose to the web?

> No temporary identifiers.

Reviewer: Could one argue that the BBK public key is a temporary identifier? I may not understand exactly what "temporary identifier" refers to.

Author: I don't believe the BBK public key is temporary when issuers need the public key to verify the signature, rather than being an arbitrary and reset-able identifier. Nonetheless users can take some steps to reset the BBK (and its public key) - such as users deleting and reinstalling their browser.

The questionnaire gives examples like TLS Channel ID, Session Tickets, IPv6 addresses, and GamePad identifiers. In these examples the identifiers are arbitrary; whereas, the public key is entangled with the signature.

None-the-less, I added a description of BBK public keys being exposed.

2.14. How does this specification distinguish between behavior in first-party and third-party contexts?

> A BBK is associated to a passkey (and browser), so in order for a merchant to

Reviewer: ```suggestion
A BBK is associated with a device/passkey/user agent instance, so in order for a merchant to
```

retrieve a BBK public key they must already have access to the passkey
credential id which is already the case for Secure Payment Confirmation.

For example: A merchant requests the user agent to show the Secure Payment
Confirmation dialog by providing the passkey's credential id that the merchant
received from the bank, issuer or payment system.

> 

Reviewer: I'm not sure that this answer is responsive to the question. I think the answer is that for the BBK functionality, there is no difference in behavior between 1p and 3p contexts.

Author: Yes, you are correct, it is SPC that has the first-party and third-party considerations; however, BBKs operate the same way.

Reworded to indicate BBKs work the same in first-party and third-party context. And, directing readers to the same question in the SPC questionnaire.

2.15. How do the features in this specification work in the context of a browser’s Private Browsing or Incognito mode?

In private browsing mode

> * When a BBK for a given passkey exists, that BBK provides its public key and

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* If the user can access a passkey and there is an associated BBK, that BBK provides its public key and
```

Author: Changed.

  signature.
* When a BBK for a given passkey does not exist, no BBK is generated and

>   persisted to avoid leaving a record on disk. And, no public key nor signature

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  persisted to avoid leaving a record on disk. And, no public key or signature
```

  are provided.

2.16. Does this specification have both "Security Considerations" and "Privacy Considerations" sections?

> Yes.

Reviewer: Suggest adding: At this time there are no specific security considerations for BBKs.

Author: There is a separate pull, #296, adding BBK considerations to the existing security and privacy sections.
